ETCM-702 Describe the Upnp config function in the Mantis docs (#42)
input-output-hk/mantis-docs: content/02-learn/03-universal-plug-and-play.mdx

---
title: Universal Plug and Play
metaTitle: Universal Plug and Play
---

# Introduction

> Universal Plug and Play (UPnP) is a feature that allows a Mantis node to participate in peer discovery, even when it is behind a router. Peer discovery is an essential precondition for ledger synchronization.

Reviewer: More accurately:

```suggestion
Universal Plug and Play (UPnP) is a feature that facilitates peer discovery by allowing Mantis to be discovered and connected to by other peers, even when it is behind a router. Peer discovery and direct connections between peers are an essential precondition for ledger synchronization.
```
